                    Kimera Version 2.11
          -- Kanji Input MEthod by RAgamuffin --

-About Kimera
Kimera is an input method (XIM) for the X Window System utilizing
the Qt4 toolkit that provides Japanese language input support. It
provides Kanji conversion via Canna or Anthy, as well as supporting
the ability to assign input styles. We are also considering a 
simple key assign selection method like the one used in Windows.

Kimera has the following special features:
 - A simple GUI.
 - Support for a kana to Kanji conversion engine, you can choose from
   Canna or Anthy.
 - Input Prediction support (requires Anthy)
 - Key Assign Support (select from 4 styles, MS-IME, ATOK, Kinput2,
   and VJE styles)
 - Pre-edit display characteristic customization. (change the color,
   background and style of characters that are being edited)

-Install
Please see the INSTALL file.

-Invoking
You must set LANG environment variable to a proper value to encode
characters. If it was set, don't change it.
example:
 export LANG=ja_JP.eucJP

After confirming that Canna is running, or that Anthy is installed
you can start Kimera with:
 $ kimera &

After starting Kimera there will be a dictionary file as well as a
settings file created in the $HOME/.kimera directory.

If you execute kimera on the machine that SCIM is running in backend,
kimera may freeze. In the case, stop SCIM and check scim-launcher
is not run. Also check SCIM applications is not run in the system
tray, then execute kimera.

If you use immodule of Qt/GTK+, set up environment variables XIM
protocol.
 export QT_IM_MODULE=xim
 export GTK_IM_MODULE=xim

-Japanese Input
In order to verify that everything is running properly configure
your environment variables and run a program. For your reference
you can try the example below. Set your XMODIFIERS environment
variable and run a program that supports the XIM protocol.

example:
  $ XMODIFIERS="@im=kimera" kterm -xim &
or
  $ XMODIFIERS="@im=kimera" xemacs &

By default the half width/full width (2-byte kanji) key will start
Japanese input by means of romaji. When the Kimera toolbar changes
to a hiragana "a" it has detected the start of japanese input. You
can change this Japanese input key in the properties under
"nyuuryoku kaishi ki-". If it wont switch into Japanese input mode,
make sure that the input change trigger isn't already set by xev.
It's normally Zenkaku_Hankaku or Kanji. If you still can't switch
into Japanese mode, try a different trigger (such as shift-space)
and re-try the install from the beginning.

You can set up environment variables in your .bash_profile file
using your shell's various faculties. For example Bash users will
do something like:

 XMODIFIERS="@im=kimera"
 export XMODIFIERS

-Input Prediction
After installing Anthy (7100b and above), go to the options to
"conversion engine" and turn on "use input prediction" to use the
prediction feature. If you type type a few characters the normal
input conversion display should appear. You can use the prediction
on this display by pressing Shift+Enter.

-Simple Phrase Conversion
While inputting something, hit CTRL-Space to use simple phrase
conversion. This is useful for inputting common phrases like your
full name, or company name.

-Changing Key Settings
In the properties, under "input", and "change key settings" you can
change the key behavior to one of the following four styles: MS-IME
style, ATOK style, Kinput2 style and VJE style.

-Dictionary File
To convert from romaji to hiragana Kimera reads a file at invocation.
This dictionary file is created  in $HOME/.kimera/dic-${VERSION} the
first time Kimera is run. If the file already exists it will not be
overwritten, previous changes to the dictionary file will remain the
next time Kimera is run.

To return to the defaults, simply delete the dictionary file. To
return all Kimera settings to defaults, delete the entire .kimera
directory. It will be created again the next time Kimera is executed.

-Tested
This software has been tested on the following distributions:
 Fedora 9

Please report any success on other distributions toe the author.

-Home Page
The official Kimera Homepage is
http://kimear.sourceforge.jp/

-Bug Reports
If you experience a bug, please attach the $HOME/.kimera/kimera.log
file to your email, and any related  output and contact the author(s).
The log file is overwritten every time kimera is run, so make sure to
copy the log immediately after experiencing a bug.

-Thanks
 James Rubingh, English translation
